API: resolve unset vmin / vmax in all ScalarMapple based methods (#17859)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/prev_api_changes/api_changes_3.3.0/behaviour.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The *colors* parameter will now default to :rc:`lines.color`, while previously it defaulted to 'k'.

Aggressively autoscale clim in ``ScalerMappable`` classes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Previously some plotting methods would defer autoscaling until the
first draw if only one of the *vmin* or *vmax* keyword arguments was
passed (`.Axes.scatter`, `.Axes.hexbin`, `.Axes.imshow`,
`.Axes.pcolorfast`) but would scale based on the passed data if

> neither was passed (independent if the  *norm* kwarg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
neither was passed (independent of the  *norm* keyword argument).
```

Other  methods (`.Axes.pcolor`, `.Axes.pcolormesh`)
always autoscaled base on the initial data.

> All of the plotting methods now resolve, based on the passed data, the
> the unset *vmin* or *vmax* at init time based on the data passed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of the plotting methods now resolve an unset *vmin* or *vmax* at
init time based on the data passed.
```
Or similar. The original sentence seems broken.

Reviewer 2: Travis OSX CI is currently broken and the failure is unrelated to this PR.

If you were relying on exactly one of the *vmin* or *vmax* remaining
unset between the time when the method is called and the first time
the figure is rendered you get back the old behavior by manually setting
the relevant limit back to `None` ::

  cm_obj.norm.vmin = None
  # or
  cm_obj.norm.vmax = None

> which will be resolved at during the draw process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which will be resolved during the draw process.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The *colors* parameter will now default to :rc:`lines.color`, while previously it defaulted to 'k'.

Aggressively autoscale clim in ``ScalerMappable`` classes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Previously some plotting methods would defer autoscaling until the
first draw if only one of the *vmin* or *vmax* keyword arguments were
passed (`.Axes.scatter`, `.Axes.hexbin`, `.Axes.imshow`,
`.Axes.pcolorfast`) but would scale based on the passed data if
neither was passed (independent of the *norm* keyword arguments).
Other methods (`.Axes.pcolor`, `.Axes.pcolormesh`) always autoscaled
base on the initial data.

> All of the plotting methods now resolve the the unset *vmin* or *vmax*

Reviewer 3: "the the"
